docs: update cloud networking on proxy service (#47506)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/networking.mdx

</TabItem>
<TabItem scope={["cloud", "team"]} label="Cloud-Hosted">

> For Teleport Enterprise (managed) the domain name and sub-domains

Reviewer: We should indicate what "the domain name and sub-domains" refers to before we use a definite article like this.

Author: Please see update @ptgott

are managed by Teleport for your account. The public address (`public_addr`)

> for the Teleport Application services are configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the Teleport Application Service is configurable.
```
- Plurality agreement ("public address...is configurable")
- The convention is "Teleport Application Service"

</TabItem>
<TabItem scope={["cloud", "team"]} label="Cloud-Hosted">

For Teleport Enterprise Cloud all Teleport services (e.g. Kubernetes Service, 
SSH Service,...) connect via reverse tunnels through the Teleport Proxy Service.
The Teleport Proxy Service and Auth Service are provided so no specification

> is required for those. This makes the usage of `public_addr` limited to the Application Service.

Author: thanks @ptgott , please see update

> The public address (`public_addr`) for the Teleport Application Service is configurable. In the case of web applications, the public address must be a subdomain of the Teleport account URL

Reviewer 2: Is this the public_addr for the Application Service or for the app itself?

Author: The app

Reviewer 2: Ok, I'm still not quite happy with this.

This page is about setting the public_addr for agents, which really doesn't matter when you use reverse tunnels (as is required on cloud).

We've taken a page about setting the public_addr for agents and added an entirely new concept (application access), which adds confusion IMO.

Reviewer 2: Let's do that then. We can say something like:

In Cloud-Hosted Teleport installations, agent services always connect using reverse tunnels, so there is no need to set a public address for the agent.

Author: Please see update.

</TabItem>
<TabItem scope={["cloud", "team"]} label="Cloud-Hosted">

> For Teleport Enterprise (managed) you choose the sub-domain of
> the domain `teleport.sh` for your account. That fully qualified domain name
> (ex: `example.teleport.sh`) are managed by Teleport for your account 
> along with any sub-domains of it for Teleport Application Service. The public
> address (`public_addr`) for the Teleport Application Service is configurable.
> 
> In the case of web applications the public address must be a subdomain of the Teleport account URL
> since the domain and TLS certificates are maintained by Teleport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Teleport Enterprise (Cloud), you can choose the sub-domain of
the domain `teleport.sh` for your account. That fully qualified domain name
(e.g., `example.teleport.sh`) is managed by Teleport for your account 
along with any sub-domains assigned to Teleport-protected applications (e.g., `grafana.example.teleport.sh`).

The public address (`public_addr`) for the Teleport Application Service is configurable. In the case of web applications, the public address must be a subdomain of the Teleport account URL
since the domain and TLS certificates are maintained by Teleport.
```
Grammar and style suggestions
